_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Update announcement and about pages

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='https://www.minerva.edu'>Minerva University</a>. NLP Student Researcher.

profile:
  align: right
  image: profile_pic.png
  image_circular: true # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: Landshut, Germany 🇩🇪

news: true # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I am a rising senior at [Minerva University](https://www.minerva.edu) 🇺🇸, focusing on AI & Statistics, and leaving footprints in 6 countries/regions 🇺🇸🇰🇷🇹🇼🇮🇳🇦🇷🇩🇪. I'm at the beginning of my research journey, and I'm excited to learn from the community and to explore these subfields in Natural Language Processing:

- **Knowledge Extraction from Multimodal Data**
- **Continual Learning and Knowledge Editing in Language Models (LMs)**: understanding how LMs store and utilize knowledge; retrieval augmentation and updating parametric knowledge
- **Language as instruction**: language agents, code generation, and multimodal instruction

I love [teaching](teaching) and [life-long learning](learn-in-public). I make some open-source contributions to software that interest me, including language learning, low-resource languages, NLP, and open science.
